Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
"Trickery. trickery.
that's the way of the world"
"Trickery. trickery. now it's your turn"
"Your turn. your turn. now it's your turn"
"Now it's your... turn"
Amre sir
GHEE IS AVAILABLE
BAL BHAVAN ORPHANAGE
Amre sir
How much money do you want?
My man will meet you
BAL BHAVAN ORPHANAGE
"Money is in the corner.
it's a game of money"
BAL BHAVAN
"We let her toast. we let her host"
"Mumbai is my tongue and my coat is black"
"Money in the bottle.
I heated the bread"
My mouth is shut
and my notes do the talking
"Whenever my pocket is full.
people remember me"
You are the water on the floor.
I am the smoke in the air
Life is sometimes lavish.
sometimes it feels like a choke
Stories are a little empty
but my heart is dope
"And my heart is big"
"If it was my right. I fought the world"
"Though I am not a since childhood
I am a slave to my habits"
"That's why sometimes
I have to be a miser too"
"Money is in the corner.
it's a game of money"
"Stealing a quarter. is my name"
"Money is in the corner.
it's a game of money"
"Stealing a quarter. that's my name"
"Money is in the corner.
it's a game of money"
"Stealing a quarter. that's my name"
"Search every street. ask every street"
"I’m in every street. you’re in every
street. people like you are stingy"
"Every street is a compromise.
every street is proof
Every street is my home.
every street is my hood"
"Even in debt. I’m in the news"
"From the street. today I’m straight on
'Hustle' on the big screen
Who’s the wise guy who said. 'Look. you
can’t buy happiness with money?
"Stealing a quarter. is my name"
"Money is in the corner.
it's a game of money"
"Stealing a quarter. is my name"
"Money is in the corner.
it's a game of money"
"Stealing a quarter. is my name"
"Money is in the corner.
it's a game of money"
"Stealing a quarter..."
Ten rupees
Reserve Bank of India
Are these thorns of nails that
they’ve been blown to smithereens?
"They thought they were players.
but turned out to be amateurs "
"They’re stuck in a web of troubles
of their own making "
Video
Who are you? What do you want?
Wait. You’ll find out
"The world will taste me good"
"Whatever is left of me. brother.
is without rhythm"
"Tommy. this is what you will become now"
"Yes. the car is going to crash.
the way you drive"
"Sa-re-ga-ma. doing drama. peeling off
the skin after eating the fruit"
"The world is a madhouse. it is very bad"
“I’m freaking out. sir!”
"Everything’s gone haywire. sir."
"Give me a BP pill. sir.
“Everything’s gone haywire. sir."
"Your turn has come.
get ready to be looted"
"Look how a cunning male is
overpowered by a female"
"Greed is a bad disease.
now you can’t be smart"
"Dance to her tunes.
she has become your master"
“I’m freaking out. sir!”
"Everything’s gone haywire. sir.
MY DEAR WIFE
What exactly is in the toaster?
Work is done.
Come to the old woman’s house.
Amre sir
Listen. can you handle it or not?
We found the toaster. sir.
I’m sending the location pin.
"it is my name"
Job is done.
Come to the old woman’s house
"Are these nails of thorns?
They’ve been blown to smithereens.
"They thought they were players.
but turned out to be amateurs"
"They’re caught in a web of troubles
of their own making"
"Now they’re thinking of how to run away
with their tails between their legs"
BAADU
Location pin
"We're in deep trouble.
we're in trouble today"
"We're in trouble. we are roasted.
"We are in deep trouble.
we're in trouble today"
"Finished"
"You’ll get addicted to
my left-handed slaps!
"We’ll eat you up with tea
like a bun-butter"
"I’ll bring a twist to your plot. but
your mom will say. ‘Let it go!
"Bournvita. juice. I’ll give you to drink.
but get milk from your mom!
You’ve caused trouble. dude. let’s get
out of here!
"Oh my God! Should I give you a slap?
"Should I jump and kick you once!
"You need to cool down"
We’ll send you to hell
"Lesson! Fine! Bye!
There’s a difference!
"Oh my God! Should I slap you?
"Should I jump and kick you?
"Bend your knees.
and now you dance
"Oh my God! Should I slap you?
"Should I jump and kick you?
"What on earth. what the heck
Lift your leg and give him a good kick
"Kneel before me"
Oh. we’re in trouble. we're roasted.
we’re in trouble today.
"We're done. we're finished. we're done"
"Beauty..."
"Beauty... has a million shades.
"Which shade will you see?
This body... is on fire
What's hidden behind the veil
How would your eyes know?
How many taverns are
Hidden behind these eyes?
Drink the goblet of my eyes
And you'll be crazy about me!
Beauty... has a million shades
"Which shade will you see?
This body... is on fire
Which part will you see?
Oh my God!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm